1. Install MAMP if you don't already have it.
2. Go into C:\MAMP\htdocs and create a folder called travel-place
3. Download Wordpress zip file, extract everything from it into the new folder you've just created.
4. Create a copy of wp-config-sample.php in the same location and rename the new copy to wp-config.php
5. Open wp-config.php in your editor. 
6. Change database name to: travel-place and username and password to the ones you use.
7. Got to localhost/phpmyadmin (or your own phpmyadmin if you have a different link)
8. Create a new database called travel-place
9. Now go to localhost/travel-place
10. Now to set up Wordpress, Site name is Travel Place and the rest info is for yourself to input
11. Now log into the Wordpress dashboard and navigate to Themes.
12. You can either add the wcm-theme by clicking upload and uploading it that way or go into the directory of your project and
moving the theme into C:\MAMP\htdocs\travel-place\wp-content\themes.
13. After navigate back to Themes and activate the wcm-theme.
14. Now to import the posts, navigate to Tools and click on Import. 
15. Install Wordpress Importer and after it installs click Run Importer.
16. Browse and find the exported file that is in the HOW-TO-SET-UP folder. (Name of file: travelplace.WordPress.2023-05-02.xml)
17. Click Upload file and import. Select admin as user and click the check mark for Import Attachments
18. If the Import is sucessful you will get a message saying All Done. There might be issues with importing images.
IF IMAGES DON'T UPLOAD PLS USE IMAGES FROM FOLDER IN HOW-TO-SET-UP. They are all copyright free images.


MENUS:
The menues seam to not work properly. To fix and personalise them I have small tutorial. 
1. Got to Appearance and click on Menus.
2. Select the menu you want to edit. 
3. If you want the taxonomies and post types, go to Screen Options in the top right cotner of the page and select the ones you want to appear. 

How I have it set up:
To add these go to the Menu then select the tab View All.

Main Menu: Travels, Travel Cruises, Travel Events, Travel Hikes, Travel Tours
Places Menu: Europe, Asia, North America, South America, Africa, Australia & Oceania
Small Front Page Menu: Travel Cruises, Travel Events, Travel Tours

Do not forget to select where you want yout menu to be displayed. In menu settings you can select where they should be displayed.
